FEEDBACK AT BOTTOM

Rendez-View Web App
Overview
Rendez-View is a scheduling web app where people upload their schedules and add their friends while an AI determines when the next appropriate meeting time is. The AI will also suggest activities to do or places to eat in the vicinity of the users. You’ll be able to see your friends’ schedules to manually select a time if the user wants. The objective is to make interpersonal and group scheduling easier.
1. Project Choice
Option: Website Design
Name: “Rendez-View”

2. Purpose of the Game
Goal: Provide an easy, fun scheduling experience where the user uploads their calendar and can easily schedule event and find places to meet. The objective is to remove the difficulty of finding common availability between large groups of people.
Target Audience:
Age Group: Ages 13 and up
Interests: Having friends, fans of social connection, people that want to discover new places in their area

3. Design
A. Functionality
Core Features
Calendar upload:
Users are able to import/link a Google or Outlook calendar to Rendez-View
Users can also manually add events

Different Tabs:
Multiple tabs on the bottom (mobile)/side (web) of the screen to click on (Home, Calendar, Search, Messages, Profile)

Home Page:
Scrollable list of different events planned/mini view of calendar

Calendar Page:
Fully functional calendar
People can “Create an event” and add people and AI will automatically find a reasonable time on everyone’s calendar that works

Search Page:
Page with list of events and places nearby to hang out at
Nearby restaurants can pay to advertise on the app
Can also search for other users

Messages Page:
After connecting, users can message each other through the app for scheduling purposes

Profile Page:
Users can create a profile for themselves with necessary information (for recommendation and connection purposes) and upload their calendar

User Flow
Home Page:
Main load-in page for people to browse and jump off of

Calendar Page:
Displays user’s calendar
User can “Create an event” using a button, pulling up an event creation screen

Transition:
Users move between different pages using icons on the bottom or side of the screen

Friending:
Users can search for and friend each other on the Search page

Interactive Elements
Buttons: Different sections and calendar upload
Friending: Users can search for and friend each other to add them to events
Messaging: Users can plan and message each other through the app
Profile: Updatable profile with relevant information

B. Aesthetics
Visual Style
Theme: Red and white, but changeable

Imagery and Iconography:
Logo: On every page somewhere at the bottom

Color Scheme
Palette: Defaults to bright reds, but users can change the aesthetics in the settings page on the profile page

Typography
Font Style: Fera Sans (default: medium)
Readability: Bold and clear to maintain readability against the bright, colorful background.

Layout
Screen Arrangement:
Current Tab: The current tab occupies the majority of the screen, centered and prominent.
Advertisements: Advertisements are placed between sections and at the bottom of the screen
Navigation: Different tab icons are placed at the bottom of the screen/side of the screen for web


image concepts: https://imgur.com/a/rPhqEjC


Feedback

How will the app suggest activities? Will the users input preferences? Maybe the users input preferences and the users rate the activity after doing it and the app learns and makes better suggestions.

Can users pay to get rid of ads?

Implement degrees of commitments - sometimes users might have something on their schedule that can be moved, or is flexible.

Logo shouldn't be too similar to Apple Calendar logo as users might get confused.


